The 21 BitServ Library
======================

Overview
--------

The BitServ library adds a simple API for servers to create payable
resources in both Flask and Django frameworks. It enables a server (also
referred to as a merchant) to receive payment from a client (also
referred to as a customer) for a resource. See the ``bitrequests`` section
for more information on the ``402 payment-resource exchange``.

Payment Methods
---------------

The bitserv library provides a base set of
``payment\_methods``
that framework-specific decorators can use to accept different payment
types (e.g. ``OnChain``, ``Payment Channel`` and ``BitTransfer`` types).
Payment methods should implement the following methods:

-  **get\_402\_headers()** provides a list of headers that the *server*
   returns to the client in the initial ``402 PAYMENT REQUIRED``
   response.

-  **payment\_headers()** provides a list of headers that the *client*
   sends to the server to inform how payment is being made.

-  **redeem\_payment()** runs payment validation and any steps necessary
   to complete payment processing from the client to the server.

Payment Decorators
------------------

Decorators for a framework should ideally expose a similar public
interface for wrapping routes and gating resource access contingent on
payment. If possible with respect to any framework's design methodology,
any bitserv library should expose a ``payment`` object with a
``required`` method that defines the acceptable ``price``. The
``payment.required()`` method should be a function wrapper that can
decorate a python function. The argument ``price`` should be flexible
and accept both a static ``int`` type and ``function`` type (or any
``callable`` type for that matter).

Example API Usage:

.. code:: python

    # Static Price
    @payment.required(100)
    def current_temperature():
        return 65

    # Dynamic price
    @payment.required(lambda req: req.args.get('important_var') * 100)
    def current_temperature():
        return 65

Flask
~~~~~

The decorator for the `Flask <http://flask.pocoo.org/>`__ framework acts
by attaching itself to an instance of a flask app and then further
injecting wallet functionality with a ``two1.lib.wallet.Wallet`` object.

.. code:: python

    from flask import Flask
    from two1.lib.wallet import Wallet
    from two1.lib.bitserv.flask import Payment

    app = Flask(__name__)
    wallet = Wallet()
    payment = Payment(app, wallet)

For payment channel negotiation, the decorator also adds an REST API
``/payment`` route. This namespace can be configured by changing the
``endpoint`` keyword argument during instantiation of the ``Payment``
object (e.g. ``payment = Payment(app, wallet, endpoint='/pay-up')``)

Django
~~~~~~

The decorator for the `Django <https://www.djangoproject.com/>`__
framework is an installable django app package. It automagically will
search your ``settings.py`` file for a ``WALLET`` variable and
instantiate a new ``Payment`` object. This makes usage in any particular
module a little simpler, but adds a few extra configuration steps.

``setup.py``

.. code:: python

    packages=[
          . . .
        'two1.lib.bitserv.django'
    ]

``settings.py``

.. code:: python

    from two1.lib.wallet import Wallet

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
          . . .
       'two1.lib.bitserv.django'
    )

    WALLET = Wallet()

    APPEND_SLASH = False

``urls.py``

.. code:: python

    url(r'^payments/', include('two1.lib.bitserv.django.urls'))

``views.py``

.. code:: python

    from two1.lib.bitserv.django import payment

To finalize Django setup, be sure to run the following command (or
equivalent) to make sure that the database models are properly added to
your project.

::

    python manage.py migrate

Payment Server
--------------

The ``PaymentServer``
is concerned with managing the server side of payment channels. The
``PaymentServer`` object is generic enough to be used by various
communication protocols, though it is presently only implemented over
HTTP REST as a core part of the ``bitserv`` library.

The ``PaymentServer`` - and to some extent, each ``PaymentBase`` method
- relies on state being maintained by the application. It consumes the
``models``
API in order to store and retrieve channel state. The default database
implementation uses the ``sqlite3`` standard library to communicate with
an SQLite database. The django-specific database implementation provides
an adapter that hooks into the django ORM to allow payment methods to
keep their data with the rest of the django application.

The ``PaymentServer`` also uses a custom ``wallet.py`` wrapper to
provide added transaction-building functionality. You can set up a
barebones payment server by passing it a two1 wallet instance

.. code:: python

    from two1.lib.wallet import Wallet
    from two1.lib.bitserv import PaymentServer

    wallet = Wallet()
    payment_server = PaymentServer(wallet)

``two1.lib.bitserv``: module contents
=====================================
The ``two1.lib.bitserv`` module is organized into the following submodules:

.. toctree::

   two1.lib.bitserv.submodules
